docs: webxdc notify & privacy preserving selfAddr (#90)
webxdc/website: src-docs/spec/sendUpdate.md

however, the update won't be sent to other peers
and you won't get the update by [`setUpdateListener()`](./setUpdateListener.html).

The `update` object has the following properties:  

- `update.payload`: string, number, boolean, array, object or `null`.
   MUST NOT be `undefined`.
   Everything that is not JSON serializable will be skipped,
   this especially affects Binary data buffers as used in `File`, `Blob`, `Int*Array` etc.;
   if needed, use eg. base64.

- `update.info`: optional, short, informational message that will be added to the chat,
   e.g. "Alice voted" or "Bob scored 123 in MyGame".

>    Do not add linebreaks; implementations will truncate the text at about 50 characters or less.

Reviewer: btw "50 character or less" for info message sounds super restrictive, some users's display name alone (ex. name and lastname) will take up most of that

   If there are series of info messages, older ones may be dropped.
   use this option sparingly to not spam the chat.

- `update.notify`: optional dictionary mapping an [address](./selfAddr_and_selfName.md)
  to a text that should be shown as a user-visible notification to the addressed user. 

>   The optional special key "\*" serves as a catch-all address 

Reviewer: is the backslash part of the key or just needed for rendering in markdown? 🤔

Reviewer 2: it's needed for markdown because it's otherwise a marker for italics.

Reviewer: maybe better to use \`\` because otherwise reading the markdown it looks like the spec is `"\*"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The optional special key `"*"` serves as a catch-all address 
```

  whose text shall be notified if `selfAddr` is not contained in the dictionary. 

- `update.href`: optional string that can be passed as the navigation
  location to the webxdc app. 

>   If specified the string must start with `#` and can not contain any

Reviewer: this restricts it too much and potentially make it hard for single-page apps with hash routers that want to use query part for a dialog while the hash is used for pages

Reviewer: I think with some examples it is good enough to avoid confusion or force to always declare the path: index.html#fragment instead of allowing sending #fragment only

       Do not add linebreaks; implementations will truncate the text at about 50 characters or less.
       If there are series of info messages, older ones may be dropped.
       use this option sparingly to not spam the chat.

>     - `update.notify`: optional array of [user addresses](./selfAddr_and_selfName.md)

Reviewer: to increase the usefulness of this API, would be nice if dev could pass `update.notify=["all"]` to avoid having to collect user IDs before being able to notify, for example a calendar app, it is good that events cause notification without the need of every user opening the app first

>        that should be notified eg. by a sound.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
       that should be notified e.g. by a sound.
```
